Drink fast drink fast
Will you open your mouth? Will you open your mouth to drink?
Zhou Yuesheng invited you to take care of the children
It's not child abuse.
In our village?
Than your city border
This is how our kids grow up.
Is that right? Then I see your son and grandson
Teach them the same
If you dare, I learned from my aunt
Why is Auntie still angry?
I see you because I didn't cook your food
Take it out on me
Excuse me.
I wish I could only take care of these three children
I didn't say I wanted to take care of you
You have to want to eat it yourself
Do it yourself
Come to Yaoyao
I'd like to see it
This big lady whose index finger does not touch the sun and spring water
Can you still swallow with such sharp teeth?
What are you doing
Cooking, isn't this required by the left-behind?
Prodigal girls
What a waste!
It's always better to be prodigal than these good things
Get into someone else's mouth
Keep what you say
My meat, my flour
My eggs
It's been ruined this time.
It gets colder
This is the stepmother your dad asked for you
This is so arrogant as soon as you enter the door
Maybe.
I'll kick you out in a few days
At that time
Let you wander the streets and grab food from a dog
I don't want to be on the street
I don't want to compete with wild dogs for food
I must kick that woman out